That Works.
I want to save the current state of the app, when the user clicks Home on the phone, or backs all the way out, or changes apps.  I want to include all teams that have ever been created and saved, and all previous game history, and current statistics, and game timer.  (The game timer is not yet implemented)





I think you have lost track of the user experience here.  and respond with suitable code to achieve this user experience.



I am writing and Android app in java, for the user to score a netball game.
The user will start the app, and navigate to (activate the fragment for) TeamList, to either choose a team that they have entered before, or create a new team.  This is done in fragment_teamlist.xml, which uses Frag_TeamList.java.
Then when they are ready for the game to start, they will move to fragment_gameplay.xml, which uses Frag_Gameplay.java. In this fragment, the user sets the mode for the specific game they are playing (duration for each period, halves or quarters), and then starts the count-down time for the first period. The Gameplay fragment should not be cluttered with extra information; i have all i need in that XML already.  During game play, the user records each unsuccessful and successful attempt at goal, which is logged against the player who made each attempt, for later display and evaluation. This log will later be saved in a file, see below.  If a substitution is required, the user can do that by clicking the Sub button, and choosing the new player's position, relegating to previous player holding that position to "Off" court. These changes are to be logged. User then returns to the Frag_Gamplay. In this way, each player's on-court time can be calculated, for the end of game statistics.
When the time is complete for all periods in the game, the game can be finalised by saving an export file of the game statistics, including a top section with a summary including scores for both teams, number of successful and unsuccessful attempts for all players who had a scoring position (GS and GA, corresponding to the buttons) for both teams, each players duration on court; The statistics will also include a chronological record of all the in-game actions: player names on court at game start, all goal attempts, all substitutions.
The statistics files will be named as such "Netball Score- YYYY-MM-DD [Team1name] v [Team2Name]" with an appropriate filetype; possibly csv.
Attached file contains the 4 files listed above.
I want the state of the gameplay to persist even when the user changes apps or fragments during a game.

I want the user to be able to view stats about previous games played, via the Frag_Stats.java and fragment_stats.xml, maybe using a drop-down list to choose between the locally saved files.

I have some other future features to incorporate also.

With all this in mind, I will upload all the java and xml files that I have for the app so far. I am using "Android Studio" 2024.3.1 Patch 2

I have several concerns that I will tell you about as this discussion progresses.  I will be asking you specific questions about how to improve and fix my code, and I will be wanting to you answer in a professional manner, being specific about which module (java class or xml file, etc) each code snippet that you provide will belong to.

Tell me if there is anything about this that you do not understand, or if you do not know how to interpret the file that I have uploaded.